Hi, my name is Ashley K. Wheeler, and this is my project for Erdös Institute's spring 2023 data visualization minicourse.

For this project I decided to use my Fitbit data for the first year I had the Fitbit.  In this project I explore my exercise, resting heartrate, and sleep quality.

To present the data I decided to make a dashboard using d3.js, because of the control it gives me over the presentation, and, honestly, so I could learn some Javascript.

The first section of the dashboard is my number of minutes of exercise per day.  The default display is for the full year, but with the dropdown menu you can see a snapshot of each month.  

The second section is my daily resting heartrate.  When you click on a specific month a righthand axis appears for the number of minutes of exercise, indicated by green dots.  It seems like more exercise leads to a lower resting heartrate and this is verified in the scatterplot of exercise vs. resting heartrate that follows.

The third section is my daily sleep score.  Each night Fitbit computes a sleep score out of 100.  Again, the monthly plots show my sleep score against my exercise.  And again, I have a scatterplot, showing exercise vs. sleep score.

At the end of the dashboard I have some conclusions about the data I've presented, as well as some ways I can add to the project at a future date.  The Fitbit data set is rich, so there are many possibilities for what I could explore further.  So check out what I have now, and stay tuned for updates!

----------

Fitbit exports a huge zipped folder when you request lifetime data.  I requested it exactly one year after the first day I used the Fitbit, which was perfect.  Even though Fitbit provides a LOT of data, I decided to stick to just a few key items.

The tick marks are for the days of the week.  I was curious whether or not my exercise tends to be on certain days of the week, but I would have to add more to this project to investigate it further.

using three components: time asleep, time in deep and REM sleep, and restoration (based on time below resting heartrate and percent restlessness). 